          design     dummy_data_vax  generate_study_population     data_input_process  data_eligible_ab      data_2nd_vax_dates  plot_2nd_vax_dates  data_eligible_cde     generate_ever_data  generate_input_1  generate_input_2  generate_input_3  generate_input_4  generate_input_5  generate_input_6     data_covariates_process  data_min_max_fu     plot_cumulative_incidence     table1     data_tte_process_BNT162b2 data_tte_process_ChAdOx data_tte_process_both      preflight_BNT162b2_1_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_1_covidadmitted   preflight_BNT162b2_1_covidemergency 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_1_covidemergency 
tables_model_cox_BNT162b2_1   preflight_BNT162b2_2_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_2_covidadmitted   preflight_BNT162b2_2_covidemergency 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_2_covidemergency 
tables_model_cox_BNT162b2_2   preflight_BNT162b2_3_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_3_covidadmitted   preflight_BNT162b2_3_covidemergency 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_3_covidemergency 
tables_model_cox_BNT162b2_3   preflight_BNT162b2_4_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_4_covidadmitted   preflight_BNT162b2_4_covidemergency 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_4_covidemergency 
tables_model_cox_BNT162b2_4   preflight_ChAdOx_1_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx_1_covidadmitted   preflight_ChAdOx_1_covidemergency 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx_1_covidemergency 
tables_model_cox_ChAdOx_1   preflight_ChAdOx_3_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx_3_covidadmitted   preflight_ChAdOx_3_covidemergency 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx_3_covidemergency 
tables_model_cox_ChAdOx_3   preflight_ChAdOx_4_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx_4_covidadmitted   preflight_ChAdOx_4_covidemergency 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx_4_covidemergency 
tables_model_cox_ChAdOx_4   preflight_both_1_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_both_1_covidadmitted   preflight_both_1_covidemergency 
apply_model_cox_both_1_covidemergency 
tables_model_cox_both_1   preflight_both_3_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_both_3_covidadmitted   preflight_both_3_covidemergency 
apply_model_cox_both_3_covidemergency 
tables_model_cox_both_3   preflight_both_4_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_both_4_covidadmitted   preflight_both_4_covidemergency 
apply_model_cox_both_4_covidemergency 
tables_model_cox_both_4   plot_hr_anytest_BNT162b2  plot_hr_BNT162b2  plot_hr_anytest_ChAdOx  plot_hr_ChAdOx  plot_hr_anytest_BNT162b2andChAdOx  plot_hr_BNT162b2andChAdOx  plot_hr_anytest_BNT162b2vsChAdOx  plot_hr_BNT162b2vsChAdOx  plot_coefs_BNT162b2  plot_coefs_ChAdOx  plot_coefs_both  combine_estimates
